TODO: Reflect on what you learned this week and what is still unclear.
In week four lecture, we have recapped knowledge that we have gone through in week three. In the tutorial, an open data project was introduced, which is to select an open set of data and basically analyze it, by graphing bar charts with those data sets using an algorithm in python. I was interested about what the conflict with Russia brought to Ukraine in the population and the economy in recent years. I found useful datasets in a website called “Macro Trends” that recorded the change in population, economy, trade, health, education, development and many more, in many different countries from 1950 until 2023. Through looking at the line graph showing the population of Ukraine over years, there was a sudden decrease in the population from 2021 to 2023. It’s interesting that a majority of people have moved out of Ukraine in 2021 where the conflict is at a build up stage in October 2021. Where the population continuously dropped rapidly in 2022, due to the conflict in February 2022. There was approximately 10% drop in population from 2021 to 2022, and another 10% dropped from 2022 to 2023. Approximately more than 7 million population has been reduced from 2021 to 2023.
I have decided to start the project with analyzing and comparing the population and economic data sets of Ukraine and Russia from 2020 to 2023, and analyzing it linking to real life events.
In the tutorial in week 4 I have also learnt the binary search algorithm, which allows the computer to guess any generated number automatically. To sum up the binary search function by taking multiple guesses of the middle number that the actual number is at automatically, and narrowing down the range in order to get the actual number.
