TODO: Reflect on what you learned this week and what is still unclear.
Week 10 is the last teaching week, same as week 7 and 8 we were also focusing on the open data project this week. In the lecture this week we have gone through importing the data introduction folder separately from the course folder to a new folder to start using pandas for creating graphs for open data projects and have downloaded Jupyter notebooks. In the tutorial this week I formally started my project because I was struggling in picking a dataset and changing data selection over and over again. I cherry picked and downloaded the datasets for Hazardous waste treated or disposed of in 10 different countries that have data available in 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2014 out of the 78 available countries on the UNdata website. I applied those datasets in pandas, however the histogram and single line line graph examples do not seem to fit my datasets. Since histogram is limited for comparing the datasets by countries’s hazardous waste treated or disposed overtime, instead it visualized all hazardous waste treated or disposed in each period and in different countries individually. Therefore a multiple line graph is required to visualize a clearer comparison of the datasets from different countries between 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2014 for analysis. Thanks to the technical support from instructor Ben I managed to get to the multiple line graph with hazardous waste treated or disposed of in different countries between different years and have learnt the formatting of the code to generate multiple line graphs in Pandas for the data analysis.
